docs: add documentation about scaling (#434)
zama-ai/concrete-ml: docs/built-in-models/linear.md

The `n_bits` parameter can be set to `8` or more bits for models with up to `300` input dimensions. When the input has more dimensions, `n_bits` must be reduced to `6-7`. All performance metrics are preserved down to `n_bits=6`, compared to the non-quantized float models from scikit-learn.

> The same quantization parameters (i.e., scale and zero-point) are applied on all features, so it can be beneficial to uniformize the distribution of the different features.

Reviewer: - do we mention using **Scaler directly in the doc? I think it would be interesting to have code block directly with one Scaler example
- I think it would be interesting that also, we have the word 'normalization', such that it's searchable in the doc

Author: The goal here is really to make the user take a look at the notebook such that it's clear what the impact of it can be and  they can directly copy-paste the snippet from there.

Could make sense to also have a snippet here but as you want

Reviewer: I think we need to convince them there is a big problem here, else they'll never go to the nb

Author: I don't think a code snippet will do that tbh

It might not be an issue for datasets where the features have more or less the same range.

Reviewer: it's not to convince them there is a problem with the code snippet: it's to tell them how to not have the problem with code snippet, and to have Scaler and normalization somewhere in the doc

> The same quantization parameters (i.e., scale and zero-point) are applied on all features, so it can be beneficial to uniformize the distribution of the different features.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the 
```
The same quantization parameters (i.e., scale and zero-point) are applied on all features, so it can be beneficial to uniformize the distribution of the different features.
```

Maybe something like:
```suggestion
The same quantization parameters (i.e., scale and zero-point) are applied on all features, so it can be beneficial to make all feature distribution similar by using standard or min-max normalization.
```

> For a more detailed comparison of the impact of such pre-processing please refer to [the logistic regression notebook](../advanced_examples/LogisticRegression.ipynb).

Reviewer 3: could be worth to include the graphs from the notebook here for better understanding !

Author: They might take too much place in the readme, what do you think about it @andrei-stoian-zama ?

Reviewer 3: yeah indeed, well as you guys wish
